Fang Chi.
Are you afraid?
Zhang Zhun.
You're drunk.
We're not filming right now.
Are you afraid?
No.
I can't.
That means you're willing.
Zhang Zhun, wake the hell up.
I'm Zhen Xin, not Fang Chi.
Kiss me.
Say the next line.
Say your line.
Say that you need me.
I...
Need you.
[Xie Dan Yi]
[Episode 3]
- Hello? - Hello, Mr. Zhang? Still asleep?
You're due for makeup in half an hour. Get up now.
Okay, I'll be right there.
- Mr. Zhang, hurry up. - Okay.
Say the next line.
Say your line.
Say that you need me.
What have I done?
I must be losing it from memorizing lines.
What a ridiculous dream.
Wake up.
[Xie Dan Yi]
Hey, Dan Yi.
I'm sorry.
I just saw your calls.
My phone was on silent last night.
I'm leaving.
What?
[Xie Dan Yi]
I was in Coconut City last night and called you all night.
But you didn't pick up.
I bought a ticket for an early flight.
I'm at the airport now.
I'm sorry, Dan Yi.
The crew went out for drinks last night.
I got too drunk.
Why didn't you text me before you came?
Zhang Zhun.
I don't know how to describe it.
I just feel like...
I feel like I'm losing you.
What are you talking about?
Tell me.
Have you met someone else?
Who would I meet on a film set?
Right.
You're on set.
But I just feel like...
you're drifting further and further away.
Tell me.
Why is that?
Don't overthink it.
I'm just...
Too immersed in my role.
Who is it?
Mr. Zhang, can you come for makeup now?
Coming!
Dan Yi, I have to get my makeup done.
We start filming today.
Stay safe.
Text me when you arrive.
Mr. Zhang, you didn't take off the clip.
- Thanks. - You're welcome.
Mr. Zhen.
Did you take me back to the hotel last night?
Thank you.
I drank too much last night.
I don't even remember you being at the karaoke.
Well...
I didn't cause any trouble for you, did I?
You don't remember anything from last night?
I didn't do anything to offend you, did I?
If you can't hold your liquor, drink less in the future.
Mr. Zhang.
We need to head to the set.
The director is asking for us.
Oh, okay. Let's go.
[Zuo Lin Lin]
Lin Lin, I'll say it one more time.
Asking me, your ex, to provide therapy
For your current boyfriend is inappropriate.
Charles.
I want to make things work with him.
For the sake of what we once had, please help me.
There are many causes for insomnia.
It's not necessarily a psychological issue.
You should take him to a hospital first.
Charles.
The hospital said his physical examinations were all normal.
And it's not just insomnia.
He's afraid of the dark and enclosed spaces.
He doesn't even dare to drive.
He won't even go to underground parking.
He also has frequent nightmares.
I'm really at my wit's end.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have come to you.
What other symptoms does he have?
He's often absent-minded.
He drinks every night.
And I found sleeping pills in the liquor cabinet.
Half the bottle is already gone.
Did he use to drink?
Very rarely.
A bottle of red wine every two months.
But lately, the liquor cabinet is filled with new bottles.
How is your relationship?
Us?
In every aspect.
We're fine.
Just like any normal couple.
It's just that when I initiate intimacy,
he doesn't respond.
Charles.
Can you see him today?
Tell him to come after four.
That's great. Thank you.
I'll tell him right away.
Thank you so much.
What's his name?
Gao Zhun.
Dr. Fang, Mr. Gao is here.
Isn't he early?
It's okay, Ms. Feng.
My appointment is at four.
I can wait a while.
Please, come in.
Nice to meet you, Dr. Fang.
Hello, Mr. Gao.
Please have a seat, Mr. Gao.
What do you do for a living, Mr. Gao?
Art investment.
You studied art?
Art management.
I've done woodblock prints.
Is something wrong, Mr. Gao?
No.
It's nothing.
[Claustrophobia]
You and Lin Lin are a couple?
She's my fiancée.
I heard from her
That you've been having insomnia lately.
Have you tried sleeping pills?
I have.
They don't work.
I have nightmares.
What do you dream about?
I dream about...
Being alone in a parking lot.
It's okay.
In here, you're safe.
I...
I'm sorry.
You're scared.
No.
It's just...
You're too close to me.
I can help you.
But first,
You have to trust me.
Do you understand?
Good.
Come.
Repeat after me.
"Okay, Dr. Fang."
Okay, Dr. Fang.
Mr. Gao, that's all for today.
Okay.
Dr. Fang, I'll see you next week.
Wait.
Take this and apply it to your eyes.
They're all swollen.
See you next week.
Charles, what exactly is his illness?
I'm not sure yet.
But I suspect it's not just a mental illness.
[Zuo Lin Lin]
Has he had any traumatic experiences?
For example, being robbed or kidnapped?
I don't know.
I don't understand why he won't tell me what's really wrong with him.
Charles, what should I do?
He needs someone.
An absolutely powerful guide.
Someone to lead him out of the prison of his mind.
Get in.
I'll give you a ride.
No, thank you.
I... I can walk back.
It's not far.
He's afraid of the dark and enclosed spaces.
He doesn't even dare to drive.
He won't even go to underground parking.
All right then.
Take care.
See you next week.
Okay.
However, if you ever need help, you can call me, too.
Even if it's three in the morning.
So, during your childhood,
Only your mother was around.
Did she have any other partners?
She did.
A tall, well-built man.
He was a bit like you.
He was a good man.
But...
He left later on.
My mother was devastated.
Did your mother put a lot of pressure on you?
She wanted me to be superior to others.
I know she did it for my own good.
So...
I always did exactly as she wanted.
Is this important?
Very important.
I used to cry a lot as a child.
My mom would make me hold it in.
She said, "A real man shouldn't act like a woman."
Very good.
You're being very cooperative.
Now...
Tell me about your nightmares.
With me, you are safe.
This is a secret between us.
Every word you say to me in this clinic,
I will keep confidential.
As long as... you don't break the law.
What if I fantasize about a crime,
But don't actually commit it?
Or...
What if I'm the victim?
You have to trust me, just as I trust you.
You'll help me, won't you?
I will.
Nightmares belong to the darkness.
Only by entering that darkness
Can I interpret your nightmares.
From this moment on,
The tie in my hand
Will be your tether to me. [Victimization, M tendencies]
Feel it.
It's as if I'm right by your side.
If you're ready, close your eyes.
Very good.
Now, take me into your nightmare.
Cut!
I'll take that.
Mr. Zhen.
Was my performance okay just now?
It was good.
Very good.
Next, we'll move to the next scene.
You two go and change first.
You go ahead.
I'm going for a smoke.
Zhang Zhun, go and change your costume and makeup first.
Next, we're filming the later scene in the counseling room.
The intimate scene between Fang Chi and Gao Zhun.
Okay.
You're in great form today. Very sharp.
Keep it up.
Is he pretending nothing happened,
Or did he really black out?
Damn it.
How can we film if he's like this every time?
Mr. Zhen.
What's wrong?
I felt a bit unwell just now, so I washed my face.
Touch up my makeup, please.
You got it.
Mr. Zhang, you're all set.
Are you unwell? Do you have a fever?
I have some medicine.
I'll bring it to you when we get back.
No need.
I'm a grown man. I'm not that fragile.
Don't ignore it when you're sick.
I'll...
All right, get ready.
Dao, adjust the lights.
We're about to start filming.
You'll what?
I'll worry.
Action!
Who's calling?
Is it Lin Lin?
[Zuo Lin Lin]
It doesn't matter.
Zhang Zhun, lift your head up.
Director.
Zhang Zhun is getting the short end of the stick here.
Short end of the stick?
Actresses filming bed scenes have it worse.
True.
But Mr. Zhen didn't join us for karaoke yesterday.
I've noticed several times today...
That they aren't getting along.
If their relationship is strained...
- Then... - They're actors.
No matter how bad things are privately,
As long as they're in character,
And they're immersed,
It'll work.
Right.
Cut!
Great. That's a wrap for this scene.
- Wrap it up! - Thank you, Director.
Is something the matter?
I brought some medicine over.
No need.
I'm much better now.
He wants to play this push-and-pull game.
He won't be direct and won't mention it.
Let's see who can hold out longer.
I am Zhen Xin.
The Best Actor.
Zhen Xin, I think this scene was good.
That's thanks to your vision.
Just stick to the script and we're good.
Morning, Director.
Morning, Mr. Zhen.
Director, I'm heading to makeup.
No rush, no rush.
We're not following the call sheet for today's shoot.
We'll shoot the scene with Fang Chi and Zuo Lin Lin first.
Then Gao Zhun's solo scenes.
The scene between you and Mr. Zhen...
We'll save that for last.
Thanks, Director. I'll head back then.
Keep it up!
I can't believe this.
We pulled an all-nighter for this set,
Only for their scenes to be pushed to last.
What a load of crap.
Why the delay? Weren't they acting well together?
Well?
Haven't you heard the rumors?
Zhang Zhun is just clinging to Mr. Zhen.
I heard the Best Actor is fed up with him.
No way.
When I saw them filming, they seemed really into it.
Mr. Zhen seemed quite comfortable, too.
Comfortable?
That's just Mr. Zhen's acting skills.
If they were actually close,
Would he ask the director to postpone the intimate scenes?
He just doesn't want to deal with that guy.
As for being comfortable...
You have to give it your all to get famous.
I feel bad for Mr. Zhen.
Having to hug and hold someone older than him.
I heard after every take,
He has to hide in the bathroom for ages.
He's probably totally grossed out.
Mr. Zhen.
I'd like to talk to you.
Go ahead.
Did I do something wrong?
Did I make you uncomfortable?
No.
Then why... do you seem to be avoiding me?
Shit.
The prism ball didn't work for the color.
Mr. Zhen, we'll shoot your first solo scene in a moment.
Once Mr. Wu Rong arrives, we'll move on to your scene with him.
Is Wu Rong joining the set today?
I thought it wasn't until the weekend.
Ms. Qin had a last-minute event.
The schedule was adjusted.
So, Mr. Wu is joining us early.
I'm going to rehearse.
Are you two okay?
Mr. Zhen.
Damn.
He's so damn handsome.
Are you okay?
Are you crazy? You could've died!
I'm fine.
I'm trained for this.
What happened?
Zhang Zhun, are you okay?
Zhou Zheng, call an ambulance!
Director, it's a prop, not the real thing.
Mr. Zhang, are you okay?
Where are you hurt? Do we need an ambulance?
No need.
No, it hit your back.
You must go to the hospital.
It's fine. This happens to stuntmen often.
Zhang Zhun, how are you feeling right now?
Will it affect tomorrow's shoot?
Chen!
He just got crushed!
Zhun.
How are you, Zhun? Are you hurt?
I'm fine.
I just got hit by a prop steel pipe.
I'm really okay. I'm fine, Director.
What's the deal, Director Chen?
Are you bullying my junior?
Mr. Wu, please don't say that.
Zhang Zhun rushed over to save Mr. Zhen.
Mr. Zhen.
My junior is bullied by you in the show,
Yet he protects you like this in real life.
If he's actually injured,
I'll have to count on you to take care of him.
Stop it, Wu Rong. I just need some ointment.
Everyone needs to film. Don't delay the schedule.
Right, right.
- You guys go ahead and film. - Zhun.
There's medicine in my trailer. Go there now.
- Go and get that treated. - Okay.
The trailer is over there.
- Are you okay? - I'm fine.
Don't move.
Why are you here?
Aren't you supposed to be filming your scene?
They don't need me yet.
I came to check on you.
Just now...
Thank you for taking the hit for me.
It's nothing. It's what I should do.
I couldn't just watch you get hurt.
I admit...
I have been avoiding you a little.
Why?
Just consider it the sin of holding jade.
Wh-What?
Nothing. If you don't remember, forget it.
I must have been really drunk.
How did I offend you?
I'll drink less next time.
I won't cause you any more trouble.
Don't move.
When you were a stunt double,
Getting injured was a daily occurrence, right?
I'm used to it.
You shouldn't be used to it.
Besides...
I don't want to see you get hurt.
Don't you think...
That line sounds like something Fang Chi would say to Gao Zhun?
Then, who is talking to you now?
Is it Fang Chi...
Or Zhen Xin?
Mr. Zhen, you're up in the next scene.
Coming!
There, all done.
Director, Zhun is my junior.
Please look out for him for me.
Of course. We're all family here.
Have a drink.
Come on, Zhun.
Let's play for high stakes this time.
We'll compare dice. The one with the lower roll...
Must answer a question from the winner.
You must tell the truth.
All right.
Here we go.
Of everyone here...
Am I the senior who loves you the most?
The one who takes the best care of you?
The dice will be our witness.
You must tell the truth.
Tell the truth, now.
Yes.
That sounds terrible.
Everyone's getting pretty tipsy.
Is this game too intimate for you?
Getting uncomfortable?
- Drink, drink, drink! - Keep singing, keep singing!
You should sing, too.
Come on, sing!
Don't be such a killjoy.
At least sing a couple of lines.
He's had too much to drink.
Fine, fine. I'll let you off the hook.
Everyone, up!
Director Ma's team is upstairs.
Let's go say hi and have a few drinks.
Have a few drinks?
You stay here. We'll be right back.
Just lie down here for a bit.
Zhun, don't drink anymore.
- Okay. - Let's go.
I really can't take it any more.
Yun Ting, hurry up and get here.
If you don't come soon, I might fall for someone else.
Okay.
I'll wait for you.
Bye-bye.
I told you.
If you can't hold your liquor, don't drink so much.
But you just won't listen.
Kiss me.
Please, kiss me.
Zhen Xin...
How can you be so seductive?
Because... I need you.